when news was a noble trade built on a
foundation of journalistic integrity but
then it became salacious and just plain
stupid
we're falling apart and a day out day oh
I am so sorry someone put the story in
all capital letters and I I thought I
was supposed to yell it the guy lost his
job to his wife why do we have to tell
the people what they need to hear why
can't the news be fun yeah well some
experts say silicone breast implants are
dangerous I say bring on the fun bags
what are you okay do you sleep in a
coffin
oh that's vampires are you allowed to be
out in the Sun those are also vampires
are you a vampire no I'm gay who's
hungry for some chimichangas best thing
I ever did was install this deep fryer
in the bago and who's Travis it's okay
where's my map look at the monitor yeah
where's no way I don't have any legs Ron
it's because you're wearing green pants